missing information about API authorisation usages (#4284)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.04/monitoring/basic-objects/contacts-create.md

> The Possibility of automatic connection (auto login) should be enabled in the menu: **Administration \> Options**.

* The **Authentication Source** field specifies if the connection information comes from an LDAP directory or information stored locally on the server.

> * The next 3 fields are for authorizing users to perform calls to our [API v1](../../api/rest-api-v1.md#api-calls) and [API v2](https://docs-api.centreon.com/api/centreon-web/24.10/) (note: our API documentation is written for developers familiar with HTTP requests and JSON).

Author: ```suggestion
* The next 3 fields are for authorizing users to perform calls to our [API v1](../../api/rest-api-v1.md#api-calls) and [API v2](https://docs-api.centreon.com/api/centreon-web/23.04/) (note: our API documentation is written for developers familiar with HTTP requests and JSON).
```
